student-grants.eu application March

Next academic year (09-2013 to 08-2014),  I am going to finish my master studies in Natural Science with a research project at the prestigious Weizmann Institute of Science (WIS) in Israel.
I came into contact with that Institute and the amazing Israeli culture first during an organised study-trip three years ago and it has been my dream to study there ever since. The academic quality of work carried out at the WIS is high, the students and working researchers put more than effort into their work, the atmosphere is truly international and cooperation across the boundaries of the individual sciences is a liven reality instead of a mere buzzword.
However, usually only top student get accepted into WIS and I have to admit freely that my grade-point average alone would have excluded me from realising that dream: my strength is more in getting lab work done than in achieving good marks in theoretical exams.
Last summer, I was accepted into a WIS summer-school program for two months. I suppose I was accepted on grounds of a letter of recommendation given to me by the professor I carried out my B.Sc lab-project: lab-work skills opened up that possibility for me. The desire to come back again has only strengthened as I re-lived the same enthusiasm and motivation for doing science that permeates everyone at WIS. My supervisors at the time, Dr. David Cahen and Dr. Ann Erickson, were sufficiently satisfied with my lab-skills to support my application as a one-year visiting student at WIS and I can happily report that I now have an official confirmation: my dream will become a reality starting this September. For one year, I will investigate possible ways to increase the stability and efficiency of GaAs-based solar cells, a common theme for me: I investigated a Dutch concentrator solar cell system ('SunCycle') for my B.Sc, worked on Si-type solar cells during the summer school & started working on a minor lab-project on GaAs for my master. I want to put my own energy into making sustainable energy.

WIS can not, however, support their visiting students financially. 
Here in the Netherlands, during my regular studies, I (have to) work as a lab teaching assistant ~8 hours per week, a well paid and useful application of my time and energy. In Israel, a student-visa does not include a work-permit, but I want to focus exclusively on the research anyway.
Any source of aid would be of great help and much appreciated.

Thank you for your consideration,
Timo Bretten
